[C++] Add monorepo notification (#141)
mongodb/docs-cpp: .github/pull_request_template.md

> The source for the C++ Driver has been moved to the monorepo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source for the C++ Driver has been moved to the following repo:
```

applies throughout. users might not know or care what "the monorepo" is?
